as I'm tumbling down the road and the
highway I have pretty much had my arms
out like this yeah oh my god I think I'm
done let's put my arms out
I'm so pissed off like I hope I don't
my visor up when I'm rolling around
on the floor like this I was like I just
bought this kind of fun you know
I am trying to and me to the game try to
play my devils at the Marriott
a jargon insulting you
I gotta say I like the variety that you
could meet in the desert and with this
like Grand Canyon like scenery and two
hours later you have Colorado Lake
Monday morning headed into the office
Mount Nebo Pass we're on a business trip
to Utah we're all in suits again feels
nice you know
that was them my backhauls right there I
think you're just rounding off the edge
of that trapezoid that's all a lot of
slobbing last couple days the key 3y
means your confidence is definitely up
plus your chicken strips are way down
I'm running this Monday morning report
from the office here and it looks like
confidences off chicken strips it down
now if we could just generate some
revenue like a 25 mile radius
yeah thank you
Indian abort it was on life support
the 1928 Anderson 4-cylinder
is when a using fire
yes